Updated readme to streamline instruction, changed RPI setup script to not add unnecessary deps, and fixed script pre-flight checks. (#14)
usenocturne/nocturne-image: README.md

## How To Use

Running Nocturne on your Car Thing requires a host device such as a Raspberry Pi, Windows PC, Mac, or Linux PC, as well as a Spotify Premium account. You will also need [superbird-tool](https://github.com/thinglabsoss/superbird-tool) to flash the image to the CarThing regardless of your computer's operating system. Alternatively, there is a web version of superbird-tool called [Terbium](https://terbium.app/).

> ### Flashing the Spotify CarThing

Reviewer: nit: "Car Thing" should be two words

```suggestion
### Flashing the Spotify Car Thing
```

Download and unzip the latest image from [Releases](https://github.com/brandonsaldan/nocturne-image/releases), connect Car Thing to your computer in USB Mode (hold preset buttons 1 and 4 while connecting). Then follow either of the below flashing methods.

<details>
<summary>Using Terbium (Recommended)</summary>

> <br>

Reviewer: These manual line breaks add an unnatural spacing, I think they should be removed.

Open [Terbium](https://terbium.app/) in a web usb compatible browser (ex. Google Chrome, Chromium, etc)

Follow the prompts in Terbium as they follow and select the folder path `/path/to/nocturne-image/image` as the image folder.

</details>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<details>
<summary>Using superbird-tool</summary>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  If you haven't already, download [superbird-tool](https://github.com/thinglabsoss/superbird-tool) and run the setup process detailed [here](https://github.com/thinglabsoss/superbird-tool?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-platforms).

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  ```bash
  # Go into the superbird-tool repository
  $ cd /path/to/superbird-tool-main

  # Find device
  $ python superbird_tool.py --find_device

  # Flash Nocturne image, without resetting the data partition 
  $ python superbird_tool.py --dont_reset --restore_device /path/to/nocturne-image/image 
  ```
</details>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Setting up host device

<details>
<summary>Raspberry Pi (Recommended)</summary>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

$ sudo reboot
```

> Optionally for portable use, you can configure the Pi to prioritize your mobile hotspot as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally for portable use, you can configure the Pi to create a hotspot for its internet access as follows:
```

After, you will need to run the `setup_hotspot.py` script: 
```bash
# SSH into Raspberry Pi
$ ssh pi@raspberrypi.local

# Download setup_hotspot.py to Raspberry Pi

> $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/usenocturne/nocturne-image/refs/heads/main/setup-scripts/setup_hotspot.py

Reviewer: Remember that this would need to be updated to `setup_hotspot_rpi.py` because of the rename.

Reviewer: The comment also needs to be renamed, but otherwise this is fixed.

# Execute setup_hotspot.py
$ sudo python3 ./setup_hotspot_rpi.py
```
</details>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<details>
<summary>MacOS (Not Recommended)</summary>
<br>

TBD

</details>

<br>

<details>
<summary>Linux (Not Recommended)</summary>
<br>

TBD

</details>

<br>

> 

Reviewer: Why add these if they aren't completed? These two sections on using Windows/macOS as a host device should be removed.

<details>
<summary>Windows (Not Officially Supported)</summary>
<br>

NOTE: NO SUPPORT IS PROVIDED FOR THIS METHOD

NOTE: This setup method is not recommended as there are frequent issues with the AMD USB chipset and recognizing the CarThing. Proceed with caution knowing that it may not work with your PC.

Enter the following commands in powershell as Administrator to allow internet access to your CarThing:

```bash
#Identify correct network adapter is present:
$ctNic = (Get-NetAdapter -InterfaceDescription "*NDIS*")

#Set IP address of network interface:
$ctNic | Set-NetIPAddress -IPAddress 192.168.7.1 -PrefixLength 24

#Allow sharing of network connection to CarThing
New-NetNat -Name "CarThing" -InternalIPInterfaceAddressPrefix 192.168.7.0/24

```

As an FYI, your mileage may vary greately here. You may need to configure the Windows Firewall to allow this traffic depending on your environment. 

</details>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <br>

Reviewer: Have you tested this windows method? I also would need input from the team on whether we want to bother mentioning this method, as it implies some level of support (even if you say that it's unsupported).

Author: Yes I have this working, even on an AMD chip with the bad USB chipset. Occasionally it takes a few powercycles for it to be recognized. But it works a majority of the time. New AMD and Intel platforms have no issues. 

See below:

![20241220_112547](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19d7e1e5-1a39-4284-8acc-80cfd19eb9e3)

Reviewer: I'll remove this comment from my review for now and I'll ask the team to check on it later on.

### Setting up Nocturne UI

Follow the steps as described [here](https://github.com/usenocturne/nocturne-ui?tab=readme-ov-file#spotify-developer-setup) to finish the setup of Nocturne.

## Troubleshooting

If you are having issues flashing Nocturne to your Car Thing, check out the guides below. 

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
